# Covid-19-Vaccine
Covid-19 has been a virus that shook our country and our world. The health sector, economy and tourism sector of the countries have been adversely affected by this virus. Health, economy and tourism are interlinked. Citizens have been highly affected by the loss of their lives, the loss of their families' relatives or permanent damage to their bodies due to the Covid-19 virus. Countries have implemented closures taking into account the economic conditions. With closures for about 15-20 days, citizens were banned from going out on the streets, only the places where compulsory items such as markets can be bought open. There is only one solution to this epidemic, which affects the whole world so badly. To vaccinate all people in the world. When the epidemic started to spread, scientists started vaccination studies. As a result of long studies, some countries were successful in vaccination studies and these vaccines were offered for sale. Thus, a new problem arose. Vaccine wars. Countries have entered the race to vaccinate their citizens. Low-populated or developed countries have vaccinated their entire population. But developing countries and countries with a high population like us have trouble finding vaccines. Getting vaccines brings along a certain economic problem. Of course, the citizen suffers from this situation. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the studies conducted by countries for vaccination within the scope of Covid-19. Questions such as which countries have vaccinated all their citizens, what is the status of vaccination in our country, will be sought with data visualization. Questions such as which countries have vaccinated all their citizens, what is the status of vaccination in our country, will be sought with data visualization. There are many people who are victims of the vaccine. One of these people is my mother. Since Covid started, she was afraid to even go to the grocery store because my mother had diabetes, blood pressure and kidney disease. His social life has disappeared. We took care to constantly wash everything we bought from outside, not to accept guests at home, and not to go out except when forced to leave. This situation started to get boring after a while. He has been waiting to be vaccinated for 1 year. There are many people waiting for the vaccine, like my mother. Vaccination of all countries brings citizens back to their normal lives. They don't have to live with fear. In this study, we will see how quickly countries were able to intervene in the difficulties faced by citizens and in how long did they vaccinate all their citizens.

